We've got the basics of our form put together.
So we're now going to start to add in some event handlers to our inputs.
We're going to put on a submit handler for the form and make sure that whenever a user enters something
and clicks that button right there or otherwise attempts to submit the form, we ultimately make a request
to our off service.
Now in order to keep track of whatever user has typed inside these two inputs, we're going to need
to keep track of some piece of state.
So we're going to be using hooks on this project at the very top.
I'm going to import the use state hook from React.
Then inside the component, I'm going to create two new pieces of state.
I call one email.
The other set email.
And I'll default that to be an empty string.
And then password and set password.
Two empty string as well.
I'll then start to wire up these different pieces of state as values for these inputs, along with some
on change event handlers.
So first on email, I'll set the value as email.
And also put in an on chain Chandler.
I'm going to abbreviate the event argument to on change right here as simply E instead of event.
So then we'll take a look at that event object.
We'll look at target value and use that to update our email piece of state using the set email function.
So we'll do set email has an E target value.
I'm going to save this so you can see that entire line.
That looks good.
I'll then repeat that same process for the password input down here as well.
They'll put in a value of password.
And then whenever this thing gets changed, we'll take that event and call set password with e dot target
dot value.
All right.
So we're now tracking those two pieces of state.
Now, the last thing we have to do is make sure that any time someone hits the enter key or either or
clicks that button down here at the bottom, we want to handle the submission event coming off this
form element.
So I'll put on an on submit event handler.
Any time a user tries to submit the form, I will run a helper function that I'm going to simply call
on.
Submit.
And I'll define intimate right above.
I'll take the event object coming out of that.
I can either refer to it as E or since we are in a long form function right here, I'll call it event
instead just for clarity.
We're going to call prevent default on there to make sure that the form does not try to submit itself
through the browser.
And then right now, let's just do a console log of the email and password.
Okay.
We'll save this.
We will flip back over.
I'm going to open up my console.
And I'm going to enter in an email address of test at test and a password of password.
I'll click on sign up and there's our stuff.
Now right away, you're going to notice that there's some like mystery stuff going on here we can't
ignore.
If you see like an air around, get something rebuilding or some deprecation, notice we can ignore
all that stuff for right now.
Well, without a doubt, we can have some inputs being put inside of our form, submit the form, and
then, hey, we got our actual email and password that we need to submit to the back end server.
So at this point, we now need to figure out how we can get our application to somehow communicate with
our service.
So let's take a quick pause right here and then figure out how we can actually take that email and password
and submit it to our back end in just a moment.